com/uni/serverapp/backend/repository/CourseRepository.java
 com.uni.serverapp.backend.repository.CourseRepository
com/uni/serverapp/backend/entity/Teacher.java
 com.uni.serverapp.backend.entity.Teacher
com/uni/serverapp/backend/enums/Title.java
 com.uni.serverapp.backend.enums.Title
com/uni/serverapp/ui/components/StudentAddDialog.java
 com.uni.serverapp.ui.components.StudentAddDialog
com/uni/serverapp/ui/components/ConfirmationDialog.java
 com.uni.serverapp.ui.components.ConfirmationDialog
com/uni/serverapp/backend/entity/AbstractEntity.java
 com.uni.serverapp.backend.entity.AbstractEntity
com/uni/serverapp/ui/views/BestTeachersView.java
 com.uni.serverapp.ui.views.BestTeachersView
com/uni/serverapp/ui/components/TeacherAddDialog.java
 com.uni.serverapp.ui.components.TeacherAddDialog
com/uni/serverapp/backend/service/CourseService.java
 com.uni.serverapp.backend.service.CourseService
com/uni/serverapp/ServerApplication.java
 com.uni.serverapp.ServerApplication
com/uni/serverapp/ui/components/AddStudentToCourseDialog.java
 com.uni.serverapp.ui.components.AddStudentToCourseDialog
com/uni/serverapp/ui/components/CourseAddDialog.java
 com.uni.serverapp.ui.components.CourseAddDialog
com/uni/serverapp/backend/repository/StudentRepository.java
 com.uni.serverapp.backend.repository.StudentRepository
com/uni/serverapp/ui/views/StudentsInfoView.java
 com.uni.serverapp.ui.views.StudentsInfoView
com/uni/serverapp/ui/views/MainView.java
 com.uni.serverapp.ui.views.MainView
com/uni/serverapp/backend/entity/Course.java
 com.uni.serverapp.backend.entity.Course
com/uni/serverapp/backend/service/TeacherService.java
 com.uni.serverapp.backend.service.TeacherService
com/uni/serverapp/backend/entity/Student.java
 com.uni.serverapp.backend.entity.Student
com/uni/serverapp/backend/entity/TeacherInt.java
 com.uni.serverapp.backend.entity.TeacherInt
com/uni/serverapp/ui/views/StudentsCreditsView.java
 com.uni.serverapp.ui.views.StudentsCreditsView
com/uni/serverapp/backend/entity/TopCoursesInt.java
 com.uni.serverapp.backend.entity.TopCoursesInt
com/uni/serverapp/ui/components/RemoveStudentFromCourseDialog.java
 com.uni.serverapp.ui.components.RemoveStudentFromCourseDialog
com/uni/serverapp/ui/views/TeachersView.java
 com.uni.serverapp.ui.views.TeachersView
com/uni/serverapp/ui/views/AllPeopleInUniversityView.java
 com.uni.serverapp.ui.views.AllPeopleInUniversityView
com/uni/serverapp/backend/entity/CombinedInt.java
 com.uni.serverapp.backend.entity.CombinedInt
com/uni/serverapp/backend/service/StudentService.java
 com.uni.serverapp.backend.service.StudentService
com/uni/serverapp/backend/repository/TeacherRepository.java
 com.uni.serverapp.backend.repository.TeacherRepository
com/uni/serverapp/ui/views/MostFamousCoursesView.java
 com.uni.serverapp.ui.views.MostFamousCoursesView
